Superman to the adventure continues with
the three villains from Krypton each one
with the same powers as Superman each
one dedicated to violence against
mankind think of it three super villains
or four for Kelly twice the adventure
continues in Paris with Lois Lane
I believe this is your floor and the
romance continues
the adventure continues in Washington
the world is on the brink of destruction
Superman can you hear me
and the troubles is in ruins is there no
one on this planet to even challenge me
Superman general would you care to step
outside
Benj revenge revenge
now we're cooking
the big ones just as strong as Superman
if you've only seen the first part you
haven't seen the best part the adventure
continues in Superman
you